Tianke, you have not become a full member yet.
The indulged brother sows discord and creates a team
If you join the Haicheng Chamber of Commerce, there will be no peace
So I decided.
Abolish Tian Ke's qualification to join the Haicheng Chamber of Commerce
Miss Yan was actually rejected
The party is guilty of self-understanding, so you can't keep such a person.
Many acts of injustice will lead to self-isolation
President, I was wrong.
Please take back your life
The person you want to admit is Qi Xian
Qi Tian
Do you have to kill us all?
It's all your fault
Ok my god
All your shame today
Slow down Jiang Yonghui
Do you want to question my decision?
Dear Tian family, under the leadership of Miss Tian
Assets have exceeded 3 billion
Than most of the Chamber members here
And it's very virtual.
Such a talented person
Such a powerful partner
Are we going to live outside the door?
Vice Chairperson Jiang, you actually opposed Chairperson Liang for me
Objection is nothing
Liang thought that in order to maintain Qi Tian, it was unreasonable
He doesn't deserve to be president at all